Hey, guys! I'm Paige.
- I'm Frankie.
- And we're...
- Both: Bizaardvark!
- Man: Bizaardvark.
Hey, Frankie,
are you a dog person?
You know, I'm more of
a music video about dogs person.
Me too! And what
a seamless transition
into our latest music video,
- "If I Had a Dog."
- Woof.
(both gasp)
Think we can handle it?
Definitely.
♪ If I had a dog ♪
♪ Wouldn't life be awesome ♪
♪ With a dog? ♪
♪ Woohoo, hoo, hoo, hoo ♪
♪ Can't wait to wake up ♪
♪ To a gentle puppy kiss ♪
♪ Strollin' around
the neighborhood ♪
♪ Nothin' better than this ♪
♪ Everyone gonna be jealous ♪
♪ When they see him
doing tricks like magic ♪
Sit, stay. Oh, wait, hey!
♪ Every moment's bliss ♪
Ugh!
♪ If I had a dog ♪
♪ Wouldn't life be awesome ♪
♪ With a dog? ♪
♪ Woohoo, hoo, hoo, hoo ♪
♪ I'll know
what he likes to eat ♪
- ♪ Got the table set ♪
- (gasp) No! No!
♪ I'll be dressin' up ♪
♪ With my new best friend ♪
♪ And if it gets
a little dirty ♪
♪ I'll shampoo him
till he purty ♪
(groans)
Isn't he the best?
♪ If I had a dog ♪
♪ Wouldn't life be awesome ♪
♪ With a dog? ♪
♪ Woohoo, hoo, hoo, hoo ♪
♪ If I had a human,
my life would be sick ♪
♪ Chewin' on the shoes,
I eat what I wish ♪
♪ Jumpin' on beds,
straight up breakin' the law ♪
♪ Got everybody
wrapped around my paw ♪
♪ Have our friends over
for a squirrel-chase party ♪
♪ Rippin' up the sofa
with Shallow and Sparky ♪
♪ This is my house,
I run the place ♪
♪ Get away with anything
with my puppy dog face ♪
♪ Face, face, face ♪
♪ If I had a dog ♪
♪ Wouldn't life be... ♪
(both whimpering)
But they're so cute!
Yup.
♪ Hey! ♪
Both:
♪ You could spend all day ♪
♪ On a swing eating a baguette ♪
♪ But why do
boring things like that ♪
♪ When there's the Internet? ♪
♪ Let's go make some videos ♪
♪ Hey! Hey! ♪
- ♪ Let's go make some videos ♪
- ♪ Hey! ♪
♪ You could watch Dirk
doing crazy dares ♪
- ♪ Saying, "Here we go" ♪
- Here we go!
♪ He'll do anything you want ♪
♪ Just don't try this at home ♪
♪ Or watch Amelia teaching ya ♪
♪ How to look your best ♪
♪ Making over people is
her never-ending quest ♪
♪ You could watch... ♪
Do you have constant foot odor?
♪ You could watch us make
ridiculously funny videos ♪
♪ Like the one
with evil pop-up books ♪
♪ That punch you in the nose ♪
♪ Let's go make some videos ♪
♪ Hey! Hey! ♪
And I... I missed it.
Woohoo!
Izzy will be here any second!
I'm so excited for you
to finally meet
my childhood best friend!
Please don't read into my words,
or tone,
but how long is she staying?
When is she leaving?
And does this smile look forced?
Frankie, you know
what a big part of my life
Izzy was before I met you.
I want the three of us
to hang out!
Three of us?
Why not just go to four of us
and include the knife
in my back?
Frankie, there's no reason
to be jealous.
She's just here for a week.
Besides, I only have
one best friend,
and it's you.
Paige, that was totally cheesy
and exactly what
I needed to hear.
P-Zizzle!
I-Swizzle!
Dancing hug!
♪ Uns, uns, uns, uns ♪
Both: Ah!
Izzy, this is Frankie.
Hi. Uh, nice to meet you.
A handshake? What am I, your uncle?
Get in here!
Oh! Oh, wow! Okay.
Uh, I forgot to mention, Izzy gets
super touchy when she's excited.
- I do not!
- Oh!
Can you believe this chick?
Ow! So tiny, so strong.
Look at all your cool props.
Hey, a tea cup.
Remember that time we rode the teacups
so many times we puked everywhere?
Ew! Totally!
We ate blue cotton candy
the entire day,
then threw up in our hair!
Both: Blue hair, don't care!
(giggles)
Uh... you know,
Frankie had blue hair once.
It was a medical thing.
Oh. (Chuckles)
Hey, remember when
we played truth or dare
and I dared you to see
my dentist pretending to be me
and she gave you braces?
That dentist went to jail!
- Yeah!
- (both laughing)
Um... you know, uh,
Frankie almost got braces.
Yeah. Then I... I didn't.
I like you, you're funny.
Thank you,
I-Swizzle.
What the heck was that?
Oh, my gosh, I'm so sorry.
- Now I'm just messing with ya.
- I... Oh.
How are you so strong?
"It's not about the destination,
it's about the Bernie."
Yeah, I'll use that
for something.
(door opens)
Bernard, I have some news
about your Great Uncle.
I have a Great Uncle?
Not anymore, he died.
He sent you that card.
"Dearest Bernard,
I am your Great Uncle Herschel.
"As I look back on my life, I regret never
taking you on any memorable adventures.
"But I want you to have
adventures of your own,
"so I'm leaving you some money.
The most important thing
I learned in life..."
Whatever!
How much money do I get?
One million dollars?
Now I can do everything
I've always wanted to do.
Eat my feet, jerk nozzles,
'cause Bernie Schotz is rich!
Hey Amelia,
you missed your chance
'cause now I'm loaded,
you shallow diva.
You wear a horse face,
and I think that's stupid!
Viking Guy,
you're a sad, old, failure who
created a make-believe character
because you're so upset with
your life and personality
that you have to live
as someone else.
Well, that wasn't very...
Oh, my gosh. He's right.
I'm rich, I'm rich!
I'm better than everybody!
(sighs)
That was the greatest day
of my life.
Hey, Bernie,
how'd ya like my prank?
What?
That fake card
with that fake check.
(chuckles) Pretty funny, right?
Oh, no.
Man, I love your school.
It's awesome.
Aw, thanks. Oh, hey, I have
the best idea for tonight.
You, me, and Frankie should go
to Stevenson's Ice Cream
and order their
three person sundae.
- Izzy: Whoa! That looks amazing!
- Paige: Right?
What do they call it?
The three person sundae.
Well, that's boring.
I'm calling it
the thrundae!
The thrundae!
Hey, guys.
Hey! We just came up with
the best plan for tonight.
Me, you, Izzy,
and a three person sundae.
Ooh, you know what, I would love to spend
tonight bloated and filled with regret,
but I was gonna check out
the L.A. Horror Movie Festival.
I would have invited you,
but I know you hate
horror movies.
I actually love horror movies.
I've been dying
to go to that fest.
Oh, really?
You know, since Izzy loves
horror movies,
and you love horror movies,
and there's
a horror movie festival...
I think she wants us
to go together.
Yeah, I love her
but she's not subtle.
I know you guys are talking about me,
but I feel like things are happening!
All right, let's do it.
Oh, yay!
Go, have fun!
I'll pick up the sundae, and we can
meet up at Vuuugle after. Nine p.m.?
Sounds good.
(laughter)
- Oh, Paige, over here!
- Hey, Paige!
Hey.
Oh, ugh.
Where have you guys been?
Oh, my gosh!
We're so sorry,
we totally lost track of time.
You know what? It's okay. Don't
worry about it. Let's eat.
Oh, no, the sundae.
- It looks like...
- Both: The melted body of Dr. Slice Face!
It's a long story.
In the movie,
Dr. Slice Face melts.
I guess it's not
that long of a story.
Wow.
You guys had a good time, huh?
Yeah! You were right,
I love this girl.
Both: Zucchini!
It's a long...
Long story, got it.
Well, uh, we're all here now.
Let's dig in.
(phones chime)
(beeps)
No way.
Did you just get that alert?
About the surprise
screening of...
Both: Tongue Ripper Five? Ah!
Wait. But I haven't seen Tongue
Ripper Four. What happens in it?
They rip out tongues.
Sweet, I'm caught up.
Oh, wait, it's tonight.
Oh, yeah, forget about it.
We're here to hang out.
Huh?
No, no, no. Don't forget it.
You guys should totally go.
Are you sure?
'Cause you're dragging out your words and
I'm thinking it might mean something.
What? No!
Go!
Okay. Thanks, Paige.
- You're the best.
- Love you, P-Ziz.
Yeah, I'll just be here
drinking this melted sundae
all by myself.
(slurps)
Hey, guys! I'm Paige.
And I'm Frankie.
You know, applying makeup
can be an art form.
Mixing just the right amount
of lipstick and blush
to make you look
and feel amazing.
It can also be a train wreck
if you wear a blindfold.
(gasps) Ooh, that sounds
way more fun. Let's do that.
I'm gonna start out with the foundation.
Where's your face?
- I'm just gonna...
- Uh-huh.
Just guess a little bit.
This feels like a yellow.
- It's a yellow, right?
- It's so yellow, guys.
- It's so yellow.
- Okay, well, I'm guessing
it's not a yellow
from the tone of your voice.
There we go.
- One...
- Both: Two, three.
(both gasp)
- Oh, my gosh!
- You look amazing!
I think you did great.
Ooh!
- All right, here we go.
- (laughs)
- This is a pencil.
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna do your eyebrows. Yes.
- Oh, you're gonna do my eyebrows?
You're drawing a new set
of eyebrows just for me.
(both laughing)
- Because you want some luscious lips.
- Oh!
Oh, yeah, that's a
little bit overdrawn.
Both: Go!
Ah! (Laughs)
- I look...
- Oh, no!
I have a new set of eyebrows.
- I've got to arch my furry eyebrows.
- Pucker.
You know, I just wanted
Frankie and Izzy to get along.
I didn't think they'd get
so close, I'd feel left out.
Amelia?
I'm so sorry.
Were you speaking
to my hologram?
Uh...
Hologram?
Yeah. Well, I was
gonna get a dog.
But this is way cuter.
Wait, you weren't saying
anything important, were ya?
Nope.
Just feeling alone,
talking to a fake person.
That's what my mom
says to me too.
Hey!
So, how was the movie?
Did all the tongues get ripped?
Paige, there is so much
more to it than that.
They also ripped out throats.
Where my Frizzle at?
Right hizzle!
Horror hug!
(both screaming)
Both: Ah, ah, ah! (Gasping)
Yeah, I want in on this!
Stab, stab, stab!
Paige is fun too!
So, what should
we all do tonight?
Uh, what about mini-golf?
- Perfect!
- Oh, but it's supposed to rain tonight.
It can't rain!
I mean, um...
That... That's okay. My cousin
has an indoor mini-golf set.
I'll go get it
and set it up in the lounge.
Meet me back here at 7:00?
- Cool. See ya.
- Awesome.
Amelia, I did it!
Me, Frankie, and Izzy are all
gonna go mini-golfing together
and I won't feel
left out at all!
Do you want to hear
the song I sing when I feel joy?
Uh... I'm a hologram.
So...
some things were said...
regrets were had,
but I can tell
we're all good here.
Cool, cool.
So, I'm gonna go grab some
tostadas if anyone's interested.
You said I was a "shallow diva."
And there's just no truth to it.
There's definitely
no money, right?
No truth!
Your harsh words made me
challenge my life choices!
And Horse Face Guy
still hasn't recovered.
Let's just punch him!
- Group: Yeah!
- No, guys, wait!
It was my grandma!
She pranked me with a fake letter that
said I inherited a million dollars.
(quiet chattering) - She did
that to her own grandson?
I can sense your anger
is shifting away from me here,
so I have a proposal.
Let's pull a revenge prank on
Grandma and teach her a lesson!
- Group: Yeah!
- Ooh, ooh, ooh!
What if her grandson
mysteriously disappeared?
What? No!
Jeez, just trying
to get the ball rolling.
What's this guy's deal?
Are you ready? Are you ready?
You told us it was mini-golf.
It's mini-golf!
Whoa! This looks amazing!
It must have taken you
hours to set up.
Oh, it was nothing.
I'm just so happy the three of us
are finally hanging out together.
Well, I can't wait to give it
my official golf clap.
Golf! Whoo!
Golf!
Great. So, who wants
to go first?
Oh, wait, before we start, we have
something awesome to show you.
While you were
setting all this up,
we were hanging out and came up
with a hilarious idea
so we made a video.
We can't wait for you to see it.
- (screen turns on)
- What?
(thermometer beeping)
103?
Both: Hooray!
♪ ♪ (thermometer breaks)
♪ Sick days are awesome ♪
♪ ' Cause you get to stay home
from school all day ♪
♪ No test and no homework
to ruin all your... ♪ (coughing)
(music stops)
fun!
♪ So get your favorite movies ♪
♪ And grab a ton of candy ♪
♪ Take it, Frankie ♪
(coughs)
(blows nose)
Ugh, come back to me.
(Frankie coughs)
♪ It doesn't matter
if you're shaking ♪
♪ Or your face
is turning purple ♪
♪ The best part of a sick day
is the joy you feel when... ♪
(both retching)
Oh, man.
Come on, Izzy.
One more verse.
I can't. You're gonna have to...
(both retching)
(gasping) ...sing it alone.
♪ Sick days are... ♪
(retching)
Awful!
Oh, no. It's in your hair!
(both retching)
(applause)
So, what'd ya think?
You made a video without me?
Yeah! We thought you'd love it.
It's like something we would do.
Yeah.
It is something we would do.
Hey. Hey, where are you going?
I thought we were hanging out.
But you and Izzy
are such great friends.
You won't even know I'm gone.
Hey, guys, Bernie here
with Amelia and Viking Guy.
Have you ever eaten
a donut and thought
"Man, this is great,
but I wish my fingertips
weren't so messy?"
Everyday, girlfriend. Everyday.
Well, today,
we are playing the...
A game where we
hang donuts from a string
and try to eat them with our
hands tied behind our backs.
You said it, girlfriend!
- Cut it out.
- Oh.
First one to eat their donut
without it falling wins.
(grunting)
- No! Wait!
- Oh, no!
- Ah!
- Ha, ha, ha!
This is not fair!
- No! No!
- Oh!
- (buzzer)
- It fell.
No, stop! Thats... Ow!
- (buzzer)
- Ow!
I win! I win! I win! I... Whoa!
Hey, are you okay?
No, I'm not okay.
Look, I didn't know making a video
with Izzy would make you so upset.
No, this isn't just
about the video.
This is about sundae night.
Sunday night? I didn't even
see you Sunday night.
No, not Sunday night,
sundae night. The ice cream.
Oh, sundae night.
Go on.
You shouldn't have gone back
to that horror fest with Izzy.
Wait, that's what this is about?
I waited an hour for you guys
and you show up for, like,
two minutes and then ditch me.
You said go.
No, I said "go!"
A good friend would have
known I meant don't go.
Oh! So I'm not a good friend
because I can't read your mind?
Why don't I just write
a Paige to English dictionary?
Go means "don't go."
Be friends with Izzy means
"don't be friends with Izzy."
And everything else means "I don't
know, I'm Paige and I'm a lunatic"
and I make no sense!"
Yeah, well, I wrote the Frankie
to English dictionary.
All the pages are blank because
you're oblivious and lack emotion.
Well, if it's blank, then why
would you print it, Paige?
Your company
would go out of business.
Well, some people might buy
a book to put on their bookshelf
so that when other people
come over, they look smart!
- What are we fighting about?
- I don't know!
Look, you're the one who begged
me to become friends with Izzy.
Yeah?
Well, I don't see anyone begging
you to be here right now.
(scoffs)
Okay, Grandma's almost home.
Remember, we hide
behind the furniture,
then jump out and scare her
when she comes in.
She's here! Get in position.
Go, go, go, go!
(humming quietly)
Now!
(grunting)
Ah!
(both shouting)
(groans)
Nobody breaks into Roz's crib.
Oh!
Grandma, wait!
"Grandma"?
You calling me old, punk?
(Bernie screams)
Grandma:
Ooh! This feels like a face.
Ah!
(groans)
All right,
I'm getting out of here!
Bernie: Oh, thank goodness.
Grandma: And coming back
with my violent friends.
(all groaning)
It hurts.
- It hurts.
- Ow!
Take that, Grandma.
Hey.
Look, uh...
I know I said some awful things,
and I'm sorry.
Just to be clear, in the Paige dictionary,
that actually means "I'm sorry."
I'm sorry too.
I hate when we fight.
Paige, what happened?
I don't know.
I got jealous.
It's just...
in three days, you guys
have come up with
bits and inside jokes and nicknames that
took you and me years to find together.
And then when I saw
that video you guys made,
it was awesome.
And everybody loved it.
And I realized...
I'm replaceable.
Replaceable?
You remember the first time
we had lunch together?
I said I was waiting for
my friend Jessica to show up.
- Yeah.
- Well, there was no Jessica. I made her up.
I never told you this before,
but you were the first friend
I ever made.
Frankie.
Maybe you haven't noticed, but I'm
not the best at meeting new people.
You were the first person
to help me open up.
You were the first person who gave
me the confidence to be myself.
You were the first person
who thought making a video
about a talking toilet
was a good idea.
Mr. Potty-Mouth
was revolutionary.
So I don't know how
you can say you're replaceable
when you've shaped me
into the person I am.
You're my best friend, Paige.
I'm not me without you.
Hey.
Aw! Stuff was said.
Yeah, it was.
I'm sorry if I've been
acting weird.
Paige, you don't have to apologize for
the last five years of your life.
Oh!
Hey, so what should
the three of us do tonight?
Guys, I got it covered.
(Frankie laughs)
(chuckles) No way.
Presenting...
the thrundae!
Frankie and Paige: Oh.
It doesn't travel well.
- Okay.
- (Paige giggles)
I'm sorry, but it has been
three days
and no one has said anything
about my bangs.